# made by shukla.prashant689@gmail.com
# best viewed on shaded or black terminal

background              = default       default
frame                   = cyan          default
window_title            = yellow        default
directory               = yellow        default
selected_directory      = black         cyan
playlist                = black         cyan 
selected_playlist       = red           default
file                    = cyan          default
selected_file           = black         cyan
marked_file             = yellow         default
marked_selected_file    = black         cyan
info                    = cyan          default
selected_info           = black         cyan
marked_info             = yellow         default
marked_selected_info    = black         cyan
status                  = yellow        default
title                   = cyan          default
state                   = yellow        default
current_time            = cyan          default
time_left               = cyan          default
total_time              = cyan          default
time_total_frames       = cyan          default
sound_parameters        = cyan          default
legend                  = cyan          default
disabled                = default       default   dim
enabled                 = yellow        default
empty_mixer_bar         = yellow        default
filled_mixer_bar        = black         yellow
empty_time_bar          = green         default
filled_time_bar         = black         yellow
entry                   = cyan          default
entry_title             = red           default
error                   = red           default
message                 = cyan          default
plist_time              = yellow        default
